feat(Curriculum): add movie review page lab (#59597)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: client/src/pages/learn/full-stack-developer/lab-movie-review-page/index.md

---
title: Introduction to the Design a Movie Review Page
block: lab-movie-review-page
superBlock: full-stack-developer
---

## Introduction to the Design a Movie Review Page

> For this lab, you will create a movie review web page using HTML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this lab, you'll create a movie review page. You'll practice concepts like semantic HTML, `alt` attributes, accessible lists, and hiding decorative content from screen readers using `aria-hidden`.
```
